---
layout: post
title: "How to Log into Your Jellyfin Server"
cover-img: /projects/assets/images/darkbanner.jpeg
thumbnail-img: /projects/assets/images/jellyfin.png
category: Project
tags: [Project, Jellyfin, Tailscale, Tutorial]
---
## Log into Your Jellyfin Media Server

Jellyfin is a free, open-source media server that allows you to stream your personal media collection to various devices. To access your Jellyfin server, you'll need to log in using the following steps.

### Install and Set Up Tailscale

1. Go to [Tailscale.com](https://tailscale.com/){:target="_blank"} and download Tailscale for your operating system. Tailscale is available for Windows, macOS, Linux, iOS, and Android. You will need to create a Tailscale account.

2. Once the download is complete, run the installer and follow the on-screen instructions to set up Tailscale on your device.

3. Accept the prompts to install a VPN configuration and allow push notifications

4. After installing Tailscale, you'll need to join the network using the invite link that was sent to you. You can find the link in the email or message that was sent to you. Click on the link and follow the on-screen instructions to join the network.

### Log into Your Jellyfin Server

1. Once you've joined the Tailscale network, go to the Jellyfin URL provided for you to access. Example: `https://media.barking-dog.ts.net:8920/`.

2. Enter your Jellyfin server login credentials. These should be generated for you by the system admin:

3. Click the "Sign In" button.

That's it! You should now be logged into your Jellyfin server and ready to start streaming your media collection. If you have any issues logging in, double-check your login credentials or [reach out](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dennisfurtkevic/){:target="_blank"} to the server administrator for assistance.

---
